All about it Impressions ample opportunities to and featuring several widely renowned artists, Impressions will witness a crowd of around 9000 people.
Jhankaar introduces you to the Dance Of Fame(Classical/Indian folk)- Group Dance competition, this year on February 24th, where you can team up and unite to present your skills at dancing, group coordination and synchronization.There will be only one round.
Technology can be our best friend, and technology can also be the biggest enemy of poverty".This cybersrishti brings you, yet another opportunity to showcase your photography skills, at the photo gallery. Capture the realms of technology or poverty in a  frame, and stand a chance to win exciting prizes!! submit your photos online before April 2019 to get yourself featured at the gallery and showcase your skills in an event full of extravaganza! ..........venue: JBS ATRIUM  Time: 10 a.m.
The team members can be from different colleges or institutions. The participants are required to be present on the arena at least 15 minutes before the starting of the event.
The event will consist of 3 fun rounds. Namely Bingo, Heads up,Fortify. They are simple games but with a twist. Each round offers an all-together distinct, puzzling, challenging, and equally intriguing task in itself! It will require you to use your knowledge about various technology to clear each round. Come in teams and compete against each-other to win exciting prizes! Each round will be an elimination round.
Step 1 : The teams will be shown the materials and one of the teammate have to draw the rough sketch according to the stuff they need to create.Step 2 : In the next step, another teammate will play some games or perform some tasks in order to earn money(virtual) to buy the materials required to create their stuff.Step 3 : At this step, teams will have to make something meaningful by using only those miscellaneous objects which they have bought in the previous step. The team with the most meaningful and innovative creation will be titled as the winner ........Venue: Near Rajiv Gandhi Statue
